Add the strimzi integration (#14326)
DataDog/integrations-core: strimzi/README.md

# Agent Check: Strimzi

## Overview

This check monitors [Strimzi][1] through the Datadog Agent.

## Setup

### Installation

The Strimzi check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.
No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

The Strimzi check collects Prometheus-formatted metrics on the following operators:
   - Cluster
   - Topic
   - User

> Follow the instructions below to enable and configure this check for an Agent. This check will only collect metrics from the above listed operators. For monitoring Kafka and Zookeeper, please use the [Kafka][11] and [Zookeeper][12] checks respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For monitoring Kafka and Zookeeper, please use the [Kafka][11] and [Zookeeper][12] checks respectively.
 
Follow the instructions below to enable and configure this check for an Agent.
```

> 

Reviewer: Optional: You can add tabbing here similar to the [Airflow docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/airflow/?tab=host#configuration)

#### Host

> 

Reviewer: If this requirement applies to the containerized configuration, it should be moved up to the ##Configuration section.
```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">This check uses <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/openmetrics/">OpenMetrics</a>, which requres Python 3.</div> 

```

1. Edit the `strimzi.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Strimzi performance data. See the [sample strimzi.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.

> **Note**: This check uses [OpenMetrics][10] for metric collection, which requires Python 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

2. [Restart the Agent][5].

#### Containerized

For containerized environments, refer to the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][3] for guidance on applying these instructions. Here's an example of how to configure this on the different Operator manifests using pod annotations:

> Cluster Operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Cluster Operator:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: strimzi-cluster-operator
  labels:
    app: strimzi
  namespace: kafka
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      name: strimzi-cluster-operator
      strimzi.io/kind: cluster-operator
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        name: strimzi-cluster-operator
        strimzi.io/kind: cluster-operator
      annotations:
        ad.datadoghq.com/strimzi-cluster-operator.checks: |
          {
            "strimzi": {
              "instances":[
                {
                  "cluster_operator_endpoint": "http://%%host%%:8080/metrics"
                }
              ]
            }
          }
      spec:
        serviceAccountName: strimzi-cluster-operator
...

```

> **Note**: Full template used for this example can be found [here][13].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The template used for this example can be found [here][13].
```

> Topic and User Operators:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Topic and User Operators:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta2
kind: Kafka
metadata:
  name: my-cluster
spec:
...
  entityOperator:
    topicOperator: {}
    userOperator: {}
    template:
      pod:
        metadata:
          annotations:
            ad.datadoghq.com/topic-operator.checks: |
              {
                "strimzi": {
                  "instances":[
                    {
                      "topic_operator_endpoint": "http://%%host%%:8080/metrics"
                    }
                  ]
                }
              }
            ad.datadoghq.com/user-operator.checks: |
            {
              "strimzi": {
                "instances":[
                  {
                    "user_operator_endpoint": "http://%%host%%:8081/metrics"
                  }
                ]
              }
            } 
...
```

> **Note**: Template used as the basis for this example can be found [here][14].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The template used as for this example can be found [here][14].
```

See the [sample strimzi.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.

#### Kafka and Zookeeper

> The Kafka and Zookeeper components of Strimzi can be monitored using the [Kafka][11] and [Zookeeper][12] checks, respectively. Kafka metrics are collected via JMX. For more information on enabling JMX, please refer to this [link][15]. Here's an example of how to configure the Kafka and Zookeeper checks using Pod annotations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka and Zookeeper components of Strimzi can be monitored using the [Kafka][11] and [Zookeeper][12] checks. Kafka metrics are collected through JMX. For more information on enabling JMX, see the [Strimzi documentation on JMX options][15]. Here's an example of how to configure the Kafka and Zookeeper checks using Pod annotations:
```

          annotations:
            ad.datadoghq.com/kafka.checks: |
              {
                "kafka": {
                  "init_config": {
                    "is_jmx": true, 
                    "collect_default_metrics": true, 
                    "new_gc_metrics": true
                  },
                  "instances":[
                    {
                      "host": "%%host%%",
                      "port": "9999"
                    }
                  ]
                }
              }        
    config:
      offsets.topic.replication.factor: 1
      transaction.state.log.replication.factor: 1
      transaction.state.log.min.isr: 1
      inter.broker.protocol.version: "3.4"
    storage:
      type: ephemeral
  zookeeper:
    replicas: 1
    storage:
      type: ephemeral
    template:
      pod:
        metadata:
          annotations:
            key1: label3
            key2: label4
            ad.datadoghq.com/zookeeper.checks: |
              {
                "zk": {
                  "instances":[
                    {
                      "host":"%%host%%","port":"2181"
                    }
                  ]
                }
              } 
```

> **Note**: Template used as the basis for this example can be found [here][14].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The template used for this example can be found [here][14].
```

> ##### Log collection

Reviewer: To confirm, is this Log Collection section a subheading of #### Kafka and Zookeeper or ### Configuration? If it's the latter:
```suggestion
#### Log collection
```
